[Music]
seven rare animals you won't believe are
real if you're an animal lover you'll
love this video these are some of the
rarest animals you can imagine they look
like something out of a science-fiction
show but they are completely real cross
our hearts
keep watching to be thrilled as you
learn about an octopus that seems to
have elephant ears a squid that's said
to come from hell a spider that looks
like a bunny and many other strange
creatures prepare yourself and don't
forget to click the subscribe button and
turn on notifications to join us on the
right side of life number seven
barreleye fish if you've ever wanted to
have Superman's x-ray vision looking at
the barreleye fish will make you feel
like you gained the power at some point
in your life without even realizing it
the barreleye has a transparent head so
you can see how their eyes and brain
look inside this magnificent creature
lives in the deep sea this is the lowest
level of the ocean where strange
creatures roam in near freezing
temperatures and constant darkness
they're exposed to water pressure that's
almost 1,000 times that of surface water
if the idea of the deep ocean sends a
shiver down your spine stay tuned to
learn about another of its creatures
later on the barreleye fish can be found
in the Atlantic Pacific and Indian
Oceans you might be wondering why would
a fish have a see-through head and that
would be a fair question
since the species was discovered in 1939
it was believed that the fish's eyes
were set to see straight ahead and
couldn't move so it was assumed that
they had tunnel vision scientist Bruce
Robeson and Kim rice and bike ler from
the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research
Institute recently discovered that the
fish can move its eyes vertically to see
through the top of its translucent head
thus noticing if there are predators or
Ranier by the transparent head also
allows more light to enter so they can
detect prey better it's believed that
barreleye fish eats jellyfish and small
fish species number six elephants shrew
these mammals are almost too cute to
handle so hold on to your seats folks
the elephant shrew is native to Africa
where it roams the continent wide and
large even though they are spread over a
large area of land it is very rare to
see them they are usually found in
forests and prefer to live in places
with a lot of leaf coverage on the
ground and they feast there on insects
spiders and earthworms when they venture
into the African desert they're hard to
see because their gray fur camouflages
well with the rocky area they are called
elephant shrews because their pointy
nose has a great amount of mobility just
like an elephant's trunk though they are
called shrews they are technically part
of the shrew family but a species of
their own these cute little animals also
eat seeds and fruits and they live for
two to four years number five vampire
squid its species name is Vampyroteuthis
infernalis which translates to vampire
squid from hell oh yes this vampire
squid means to terrify everyone with its
name it's dark red color it spikes at
the bottom and the scary fact that it
can basically turn itself inside out the
vampire squid loves putting on a good
show but it's as harmless as a kitten
esteem ins it's as if Dracula scared the
pants off of you but he didn't have
blood sucking fangs the vampire squid
feeds on food particles from plants and
animal matter floating near the ocean's
surface since they're not predators they
need good defensive strategies and their
vampiric look is designed to ward off
large creatures who want to eat them
turning themselves inside out is a
defensive mechanism since the spikey
areas in the inner skin
are more intimidating they also shoot
out a substance that does not have color
but is packed with bioluminescent
particles to distract predators number
four Venezuelan poodle moth disclaimer
if you look at this animal for too long
your brain could implode it's almost too
much for the human brain to comprehend
what this animal is trying to be
thankfully some brave people tried to
make it easy for the rest of the
population they named it a poodle moth
so that everyone could begin to put the
pieces together this moth was brought to
everyone's attention when it was first
photographed by zoologist Arthur anchor
while he was visiting the Grand savannah
region in Venezuela this moth is so rare
that very little is known about it what
is generally agreed upon is that the
moth is probably part of the Lupino
Teran genus artists the rest remains a
mystery
number three blue dragon this little
creature looks like something out of a
kid's fantasy movie it's called the blue
glosses casually referred to as a blue
dragon or Blue Angel it can be found in
many places the Atlantic Pacific and
Indian Oceans it's a kind of mollusk and
it only grows to be about an inch long
what you think is the back is actually
the mollusk bright underbelly it
regularly floats on its back so that its
blue colors help to camouflage it with
the waters waves the blue dragon isn't
just pretty it's also smart
it usually feasts on Portuguese
MANOWAR's and it stores their stinging
cells for later use in essence stealing
their defensive mechanisms when the blue
dragon is threatened it releases those
stinging cells it's stored directing
them at an enemy to sting them with more
power than a Portuguese Man O'War would
have been capable of as they can store a
huge amount of stinging cells they can
be a threat to humans so if you find one
don't pick it up it's best to admire
them from a distance number two bunny
harvest man
it sounds cute but don't be fooled if
spiders scare you close your eyes or
just keep one eye open
no terrifying this is a very interesting
creature put a Bunny's head on the body
of a spider and this is what you get the
bunny harvest man has been found in the
Amazon rainforest in Ecuador technically
it isn't a spider it's considered to be
part of the opilio 'no species making it
a daddy longlegs
you'd think that the two bright yellow
spots near its ears would be the eyes
but not so the eyes are located on what
seems to be the nose what you think are
the eyes are just spots and what you
think is a nose are the eyes it's
impossible to tell what the bunny
harvest man is and where its body parts
are at first glance but maybe that's how
it likes it
it's odd shape and black color of its
bunny dog head could serve to keep
predators at bay
though the name harvest man sounds
ominous
this creature isn't a threat to humans
since it doesn't carry venom number one
Dumbo octopus this adorable creature or
creepy creature or however you want to
see it is officially called grim Poe
two--this more casually it is referred
to as the Dumbo octopus named after the
Disney character though Dumbo the
elephant not the octopus was teased for
his big ears it's highly unlikely that
this adorable octopus gets teased by its
water neighbors they are the deepest
living octopuses living in the deep sea
and you know how scary that place is
they are only about eight inches tall
and spend their days hovering just above
the sea floor eating snails worms and
other foods they find in the current or
near ocean vents there are nearly 17
species of Dumbo octopus and they all
have differences in height color and
body parts if you can't get enough of
strange animals you'll be glad to learn
that the deep-sea has barely been
explored by humans so keep an eye out
there are bound to be more fascinating
animals discovered in the deep sea in
the future so tell us bright Siders
which of these animals would you like to
see up close tell us in the comments
section don't forget to give this video
a like share it with your friends and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side
[Music]